male announcer: AND NOW,
NICKELODEON AND DREAMWORKS'
MONSTERS VS. ALIENS.
- ♪ MVA ♪
♪ MVA ♪
- ♪ MONSTERS VS. ALIENS ♪
♪ IT'S US VS. THEM ♪
♪ FOE VS. FRIEND ♪
♪ BRAIN VS. B.O.B. ♪
- ♪ IT'S A SUPER-FREAKY JOB ♪
- OH, YEAH,
IT'S FREAKY.
- ♪ MVA ♪
- ♪ MONSTERS VS. ALIENS ♪
- [cackles]
♪ MONSTERS VS. ALIENS ♪
♪ MVA ♪
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[alarm blares]
- WHAT ARE
WE LOOKING AT HERE?
- NO CLUE,
BUT WITH THIS MANY ALARMS,
IT MUST BE BIG.
GAME FACES, BOYS!
- SUPER LASER, LOCK AND LOAD!
- WORLD-SAVING MIX ON SHUFFLE.
[beeps]
[rock music]
- MONSTERS,
PROTECT THE EARTH!
- [meows]
- WE'VE GOTTA STOP PUTTING
B.O.B. ON WATCH DUTY.
- SAVE THE KITTY!
IT'S IN DANGER!
IT NEEDS SAVING!
O.M.G.!
SAVE IT NOW!
- WHOA!
[thunder rumbles]
- YO, DOC.
THAT GONNA BE A PROBLEM?
- NOT AT ALL, LINK.
LIGHTNING TYPICALLY
ONLY STRIKES
THE TALLEST OBJECT
IN THE AREA.
- AAH!
both: WHOA!
- [meows]
- WHICH, IN THIS CASE,
IS SUSAN.
SO AS YOU CAN SEE,
NO DAMAGE DONE.
- KITTEN SMITTEN.
- [meows]
- OH!
- SUCH CUTENESS DEFIES LOGIC.
- AWW,
WOOK AT ITS WITTLE NOSE.
- DON'T GET ANY IDEAS, GUYS.
YOU KNOW MONGER'S
NO-PET POLICY.
- COME ON!
HE'LL NEVER KNOW.
- NOPE. NUH-UH.
NO WAY.
OH, MY GOSH,
IT'S SO CUTE.
WE HAVE TO KEEP IT
AND TAKE PICTURES OF IT
SLEEPING IN FANCY TEACUPS
FOREVER AND EVER!
- YAY!
- YEAH!
- REAL TALK--
WE NEED TO FIND SOMEPLACE
TO KEEP IT HIDDEN.
- EASY.
LITTLE GUY'S TEENY TINY.
HE'S SO LITTLE.
- MEN, MY ALLERGIES NEVER LIE.
AND RIGHT NOW
THEY'RE SAYING SOMEONE...
[inhales]
HAS BROUGHT A CAT...
ONTO MY BASE!
[sneezes]
NOW, I WANT
THIS FURRY MENACE FOUND,
ASAP!
YOU ARE TO USE
ANY FORCE NECESSARY
TO CAPTURE
THE KITTY CAT MENACE.
MOVE! MOVE! MOVE!
[men groaning]
- HUNTING OF PREY IS
STA'ABI'S DUTY.
I SHALL DEFEAT
THE K'ITTAIN BEAST
AND FEAST UPON HONOR!
STA'AAAAAABI!
- AND I BELIEVE I CAN CURE
YOUR ALLERGIES.
- REALLY?
- YES.
WITH RADICAL EXPERIMENTATION.
[foreboding music]
- TA-DA!
ONE PRIMO HABI-CAT.
- NOW WE ADD THE KITTY.
WHICH IS...
[toy squeaks]
- [meows]
- THERE YOU ARE.
HEY, GUYS,
DOES KITTY LOOK BIGGER?
[door banging]
[gasps]
HIDE IT!
- [whimpering]
- STA'ABI!
UM, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- I AM HUNTING K'ITTAIN BEAST.
HAVE YOU SEEN?
- NO, NO.
HAVEN'T SEEN IT. NO.
- [meows]
- WHAT IS THIS NOISE?
- OH, IT'S JUST LINK.
IT'S HIS FUNNY WAY OF BURPING.
SUCH A GOOF.
- REALLY?
OH, GESUNDHEIT, BUDDY!
- [whimpering]
- SO YEAH.
NO KITTY HERE.
JUST US SILLY MONSTERS.
GOOD LUCK WITH THE HUNT.
BYE, NOW!
- STA'ABI DOES NOT
NEED STUPID LUCK!
STA'ABI IS THE FIERCEST HUNTRESS
IN ALL THE GALAXY!
STA'AAAAAABI!
- AAH!
[crash]
HOW DOES STA'ABI KNOW
ABOUT THE KITTY?
- HAVEN'T THE FOGGIEST.
BUT AT LEAST IT IS
CURRENTLY SAFE WITH US.
- [squeaks]
- UH, BROS.
THE KITTY IS A LOT MORE CUT
IN HALF THAN I REMEMBER.
- [gasps] IT LEFT?
- AH, YES.
FORGOT ABOUT
THE HALF-HAMSTER DOOR.
I'M, UM, NOT
THE MOST RESPONSIBLE PET OWNER.
[cackles]
[thunder rumbles]
- SO THIS THING'S GONNA CURE
MY ALLERGIES?
- IT IS AN EXPERIMENT.
WE CAN'T BE SURE.
THAT'S THE FUN PART
ABOUT EXPERIMENTING--
THE DANGER.
[laughs]
- HOW'S IT WORK?
SOME KINDA DE-MOLECULAR
HIGH-TECH
DNA REWRITING
MUMBO JUMBO SPACE MALARKY?
[beeps]
[screaming]
- [laughs]
WELL...
AIN'T YOU A BIG FELLA?
OKEYDOKEY.
OL' HENRY'S GONNA PRETEND
HE DIDN'T SEE THAT.
[whistles]
- KITTY! OH!
OH, I'M SO GLAD I FOUND YOU,
AND YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
YOU LOOK DIFFERENT.
DID YOU LEARN SPANISH?
- [sniffs]
- [meows]
- UH-OH.
- [sniffs]
- I AM ACTING CASUAL!
- [growls]
[clang]
- [imitating explosion]
OH, INVASION!
AAH!
[muffled groans]
- [sputters]
[sneezes]
- FIRST ATTEMPT FAILED.
PERHAPS A HIGHER POWER LEVEL--
[beeps]
- AH, FORGET IT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I EVER THOUGHT
YOU COULD CURE ME.
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD,
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE A NOSE!
- OH...
BE RIGHT BACK.
I MUST ACCOUNT
FOR THIS VARIABLE.
- [meows]
- VORNICARN, HAVE YOU FOUND
THE K'ITTAIN?
- MM...MM-MM.
- BY VRAK'NAKU'S SKULL,
THE K'ITTAIN SHALL
NOT OUTSMART STA'ABI!
- [sniffs]
IS THAT GONNA CURE ME?
- NO, BUT IT WILL GIVE ME
A NOSE,
SO I MAY BETTER UNDERSTAND
ALLERGIES.
OBSERVE.
SUCCESS!
[sneezes]
OOH.
[both grunt]
- OOPS.
[video game beeping]
- [meows]
[chomps]
- [gasps] GIANT KILLER KITTENS
ARE ATTACKING!
SAVE YOURSELVES!
[all screaming]
- [screams]
- [purrs]
- WAIT!
IS THAT PURRING?
- HA!
- AAH!
- GUYS, IT'S RAINING STA'ABIS
AGAIN.
WEATHERMAN'S A LIAR.
- WE REALLY GOTTA TEACH HER
HOW TO USE DOORS ONE DAY.
- DOORS ARE FOR THE WEAK.
AND YOU SHALL NOT STEAL
MY GLORY.
THE K'ITTAIN IS
STA'ABI'S PREY.
- STA'ABI, STOP!
THE TRUTH IS
WE BROUGHT IN THE KITTY.
SO IT'S OUR JOB
TO FIND IT.
- YOU BROUGHT THE FURRY
SNEEZE INDUCER IN HERE?
[all gasp]
- AH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
CANNOT BE UNSEEN.
- [sniffs]
YOU NEED BATHS.
- LET'S JUST DO THIS.
- YOU WILLINGLY DISOBEYED
MY NO-PET POLICY?
- YES, WE BROKE THE RULES,
BUT COME ON.
IT'S JUST
A TEENY TINY KITTY.
- SHAME!
[groans]
- WE'RE GONNA NEED
A BIGGER LITTER BOX.
- HOW'D THAT DANDER MENACE
GET GINORMIC?
- PERPLEXING.
PERHAPS IT WAS
THE END RESULT
OF A COMPLEX METAMORPHOSIS
BROUGHT ON
BY AUXOLOGICAL PHENOMEN--
- IT WAS THE LIGHTNING.
SUSAN AND THE KITTY
WERE BOTH STRUCK
BY LIGHTNING.
- COMIC BOOK MATH--
I BUY IT.
- IT SEEMS
THE ELECTRICAL CURRENT
TRANSFERRED A SMALL PORTION
OF SUSAN'S QUANTONIUM
INTO THE FELINE.
- BUT I CAN STILL GO BIG.
- IT WAS TOO SMALL AN AMOUNT
FOR YOU TO NOTICE.
HOWEVER, IT APPEARS QUANTONIUM
REACTS DIFFERENTLY
IN FELINE ANATOMY.
READINGS SHOW
IT WILL KEEP GROWING
UNTIL IT'S LARGER
THAN THE EARTH.
- AH, YES.
THAT'S WHAT I HAVE TOO.
- MONSTERS,
I HAVE NEVER...
[sneezes]
BEEN SO...
MAD IN MY CAREER!
YOU'RE GONNA MOP UP
EVERY LAST DROP OF SNOT
I'VE SNEEZED IN THE BASE.
YOU HEAR ME?
[crash]
[gasps]
- [yowls]
- [whimpers]
MAYDAY!
- MONSTERS,
STOP THAT GINORMICAT!
- [gasps]
- [meowing]
- TOO BAD WE DON'T HAVE, LIKE,
A GIANT LEASH OR SOMETHING.
- GOOD IDEA, BOB.
[grunts]
HIYAH!
[grunting]
- [meows]
- [laughs]
IT TICKLES!
[laughs]
- NO, NO, NO, NO--
OOF!
[squish]
- [meowing]
[buzzing]
- GOOD, MEGA-CAT.
NOW STAY PUT
UNTIL THE GENERAL IS SAFELY--
- [gasps]
- COVERTON?
- I THOUGHT
I WOULD NEVER SEE--
[gasps]
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR HEAD?
- MINOR MISCALCULATIONS
WITH A NOSE--
A NOSE--
[sneezes]
OH, DEAR.
LIKE GENERAL MONGER,
I TOO SEEM TO BE ALLERGIC
TO CAT DANDER.
[sneezes]
- GAAH!
[screaming]
- OH!
- GUYS, IT'S TOO STRONG.
WE HAVE TO SHRINK IT DOWN.
- THERE MIGHT BE A WAY.
IF LIGHTNING STRUCK YOU,
AND QUANTONIUM WENT
INTO THE KITTY,
THEN LIGHTNING STRIKING
THE KITTY
SHOULD MAKE QUANTONIUM
GO INTO YOU.
- WHERE ARE WE GONNA GET
ELECTRICITY IN THE DESERT?
- PERHAPS
WITH A CALCULATED MIXTURE
OF MINERAL DEPOSITS
AND IONIC--
- STATIC ELECTRICITY!
B.O.B., BALLOON TIME.
- [screams]
- KITTY.
[squeaking]
THAT'S IT?
[squeaks]
AAH!
- WE NEED
A STRONGER ELECTRICAL SOURCE.
- STA'ABI!
- [gasps]
- [slow-motion]
OH, NO!
both: WHOA!
- UGH!
- OW!
- [meows]
- [sighs]
BACK TO NORMAL.
- [purrs]
- VICTORY FOR STA'AAAA...BI.
- [meows]
- PRIVATE THOMPSON,
DO YOU ACCEPT
ADOPTION DUTIES OF THIS FURRY
LITTLE BALL OF TROUBLE?
DISMISSED, SOLIDER.
AND GOOD RIDDANCE.
[sneezes]
[crash]
- I'M GONNA MISS
THAT LITTLE GIANT.
- INDEED.
- CHEER UP, GUYS.
BESIDES, I THINK
WE'VE GOT ENOUGH
LITTLE MONSTERS
TO LOOK AFTER.
- [clears throat]
PRIVACY.
[funky music]
♪ ♪
- DODGE,
WEAVE, DOUBLE DODGE,
AND--[stammers]
[banging]
- PLAYER ONE LOSES.
- OH, MAN!
AGAIN?
THAT MAKES,
WHAT, LIKE, 12 GAMES?
HOW DO YOU DO IT, B.O.B.?
- DO WHAT?
- [shouting gibberish]
- [screams]
WHERE ARE THEY?
- WHO YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- THE DEFEATED.
I HEARD
THEIR ANGUISHED CRIES
AND CAME TO LAUGH
AT THEIR SHAME FACES.
- OH, I GUESS
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR ME THEN.
LAUGH AWAY.
- HA HA!
SHAME FA--WAIT.
YOU ARE NOT THE DEFEATED.
WHERE ARE YOUR GAPING WOUNDS?
YOUR SEVERED LIMBS?
YOUR HEAD STUMP?
- WE WERE PLAYING
A VIDEO GAME, STA'ABI.
- WE WERE?
- I JUST GOT THIS NEXT BOX,
AND BOB'S BEATEN ME
EVERY SINGLE TIME.
IT'S MY BOX!
- PRESSING BUTTONS MAKES ME FEEL
LIKE A BIG BOY.
- I WILL PLAY THIS GAME
OF VIDEOS AGAINST YOU, BLOB,
AND I WILL WIN.
- PLAYER ONE LOSES.
- AGAIN!
- NO!
AGAIN!
- PLAYER ONE LOSES.
PLAYER ONE LOSES.
LOSES. LOSES.
LOSES.
WINS...
- YES!
- FOR LOSING MOST GAMES
IN A ROW.
- SO YOU'RE SAYING
IT'S NOT TACO TUESDAY
OR SPAGHETTI SATURDAY?
- PLAYER ONE LOSES...
AGAIN.
- [screams]
- AAH! MY NEXT BOX!
- [growls]
- TOTALLY HAD IT COMING,
IS WHAT
I WAS GOING TO SAY.
I WAS GOING
TO DESTROY IT MYSELF, AND THEN--
- [snarls]
STA'AAAAAABI!
- NO!
- OH, MIGHTY MASTER B.O.B.,
YOU HAVE BESTED ME
IN BATTLE.
TEACH ME
YOUR SACRED SECRETS OF COMBAT.
- MY STUDENT,
IF YOU WANT TO BE LIKE ME,
THE FIRST THING
YOU GOTTA KNOW IS
I DON'T DO ANYTHING
ON AN EMPTY STOMACH.
- BECAUSE A WARRIOR'S STOMACH
MUST BE FILLED
WITH BILE AND SPITE?
- UM, MORE LIKE PASTRAMI.
I LIKE LOTS OF LAYERS.
- YES, MASTER.
MANY LAYERS.
- I BELIEVE NOW IS
AN APPROPRIATE TIME
FOR A "WHA?"
- AND A FOLLOW-UP:
DOUBLE WHA?
- YEAH, THAT'S HAPPENING.
NOW CAN WE GET BACK
TO TALKING ABOUT MY NEXT BOX?
MY POOR,
SWEET NEXT BOX.
- STA'ABI, I'M GONNA TEACH YOU
TO WALK LIKE ME,
TALK LIKE ME,
AND THINK LIKE SOMEBODY ELSE.
'CAUSE I DON'T DO
A LOT OF THE THINKING, PER SE.
- [groans]
[straining]
[thud]
- GO!
[toilet flushes]
WHEE!
HOW'D YOU DO?
- I HAVE RUINED MY BOOTS.
[zipping]
- OCCUPIED.
- OH.
- STA'ABI, YOU SEEM LIKE
YOU'RE HAVING
A HARD, PER SE, TIME
GETTING THE ESSENCE OF B.O.B.
- IT IS TRUE, MASTER.
- AW, IT'S SIMPLE.
ALWAYS DON'T DO THE THING
THAT YOU AREN'T SUPPOSED
TO NOT DO.
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
- THERE YOU GO, FRIEND.
NOW YOU'RE GETTING IT.
COME ON.
I WANT TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING
THAT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.
- WHOO!
- ALL RIGHT, GOOD.
A LITTLE BIT HERE
AND BOOM.
FACTORY FRESH NEXT BOX.
- LINK, THOUGH YOUR REPAIRS
ARE, UM, NOVEL,
I'M NOT SURE
THEY'RE SCIENTIFICALLY SOUND.
- DOC, HERE'S WHAT I'VE LEARNED
ON MY LITTLE JOURNEY.
AS LONG AS YOU BELIEVE
IN YOURSELF,
YOU CAN--AAH!
FIRE IN THE HOLE!
[sobbing]
- THERE, THERE, LINK.
NO NEED TO WAIL, SIMPER,
AND/OR CATERWAUL.
I CAN FIX THIS.
- SERIOUSLY?
[sparks crackle]
'CAUSE IT LOOKS
PRETTY TOAST.
- JUST NEED
A FEW SPARE PARTS.
- HEY, MY OLD VCR.
AND MY HIP-HOPPERCISE TAPE
IS STILL IN THERE.
WHO THREW THIS OUT?
- I-I HAVE NO IDEA.
OOH, LOOK AT THIS.
A DISCARDED DATA SERVER.
AN EXCELLENT CANDIDATE
FOR PARTS.
PROVIDED IT STILL WORKS.
- LET'S GIVE IT SOME JUICE.
[buzzing]
- IT'S BOOTING UP.
THAT'S A GOOD SIGN.
- ROO, ROO, ROO...
- "ROO"?
IS IT TRYING TO TALK?
- RULE VIOLATION 91-C!
UNAUTHORIZED POWER CORD.
both: RULE-BOT!
- AAH!
- THE RULE-BOT.
I THOUGHT WE'D SEEN THE LAST
OF THAT MECHANICAL MENACE.
- ME TOO. YOU SAID AS LONG AS WE
NEVER PLUGGED HIM IN AGAIN,
WE'D--OOH.
WE DONE A BAD THING, DOC.
- ALL WILL OBEY THE RULE-BOT!
- HEY, THAT SMARTS!
- OW!
[beeping]
[both groan]
- IT'S REALLY SOMETHING, HUH?
LINK FIRST
TURNED ME ON TO THIS.
- MASTER, IT IS A ROCK.
- MM-HMM.
- AND WE'VE BEEN STARING AT IT
FOR HOURS.
- YEP.
- I DO NOT GET THE POINT.
- OH, IT HAS NO POINT.
IT'S ROUND.
SEE?
- SO STA'ABI SHOULD BE ROUND
LIKE THE ROCK?
- WAIT.
[sputtering]
I FORGOT THE QUESTION.
- [growls]
I DO NOT WISH
TO BE IMPATIENT, MASTER,
BUT WHEN WILL YOU TEACH ME
TO CRUSH MY ENEMIES
AND MAKE CANDLESTICKS
OUT OF THEIR SHINBONES?
- DON'T KNOW.
NOW LET ME ASK YOU A QUESTION--
WHEN WILL YOU TEACH ME
TO CRUSH MY SHINBONES
AND MAKE ENEMIES
OUT OF THEIR CANDLESTICKS?
[laughs] SEE?
IT GOES BOTH WAYS,
LITTLE FRIEND.
- [growls]
ENOUGH!
YOU SHOW ME
HOW TO MAKE SANDWICHES
AND STARE AT ROCKS
AND RUIN BOOTS IN TOILET,
BUT NEVER
ANY GLORIOUS COMBAT!
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT MERCILESSLY
DESTROYING ENEMIES OR NOT?
- RULE VIOLATION 81-F:
UNNECESSARILY LOUD RANTING.
- [gasps] RULE-BOT.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
I KNOW THAT VOICE.
- YES, I SAID,
"RULE-BOT."
- ON THE TIP OF MY TONGUE.
- IT IS RULE-BOT!
RULE-BOT! RULE-BOT!
[pounding glass]
RULE-BOT!
- PREPARE TO BE STANDARDIZED
FOR OPTIMAL BEHAVIOR.
- HEY, GUYS!
MAYBE YOU COULD SETTLE THIS.
IS THAT--
- RULE-BOT IS CONTROLLING US.
- AND HE'S GOING TO MAKE US
CONTROL YOU TOO.
- YES.
YOU WILL OBEY THE RULES.
ALL THE RULES.
ALL THE TIME.
SOON I SHALL CONTROL EVERY MAN,
WOMAN, AND CHILD IN THE WORLD!
ESPECIALLY THE CHILDREN.
THEY'RE SO UNRULY.
IS WASHING HANDS BEFORE DINNER
SUCH A HARD CONCEPT?
ALL WILL OBEY THE RULE-BOT!
- RULE-BOT!
[laughs]
OKAY, YOU WERE RIGHT,
STA'ABI.
- [growls]
- CONTAINMENT VIOLATION.
MINIONS, STOP HER!
- FORCED TO ACT...
AGAINST MY WILL.
- AND SPEAK...LIKE...
I'M CONSTIPATED!
- NOT MY FAULT!
I'M NOT DOING THIS!
AAH!
[groans]
REMEMBER...
I AM A FELLOW ALIEN.
AAH!
- BACK, OR I WILL BLUDGEON YOU
WITH THIS!
- "THIS"?
"THIS" IS ME!
[groans]
[beeps]
- LAST TIME,
WE BEAT RULE-BOT,
BY MAKING HIM BREAK
HIS OWN RULES.
- OVERLOADED HIS...
LOGIC BOARD!
- AND WHO'S MORE...
ILLOGICAL THAN...B.O.B.?
- I'M A GLASS OF WATER!
- YES,
I MUST BE B.O.B.
- AAH!
- RULE VIOLATION 34-D!
NO ROLLING ON HANGAR FLOOR.
- THIS SANDWICH HAS MANY LAYERS.
- LAYERS?
SANDWICH DISCUSSION IS ILLOGICAL
IN THIS CIRCUMSTANCE.
- MAYBE.
HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
[toilet flushes]
I JUST FLUSHED MYSELF.
YAY!
- YOUR BEHAVIOR IS ILLOGICAL.
IT HAS NO POINT.
- YES, IT IS ROUND.
- ILLOGICAL!
DOES NOT COMPUTE!
NOT--NOT--NOT LOGICAL!
[powers down]
- [growls]
[pants]
- STA'ABI!
I THINK YOU DID IT!
- HUZZAH!
RULE-BOT ONCE AGAIN IS--
[beeps]
- RULE-BOT HAS FOOLED YOU!
RULE-BOT IMPROVED
ITS LOGIC BOARD
SINCE OUR LAST ENCOUNTER.
ALSO ITS PRACTICAL JOKE BOARD.
HA, HA, HA.
RULE-BOT WILL RULE ALL!
- [groans]
- [snarls]
- STA'ABI!
BEING WATER IS FUN!
- YES. YES, IT IS.
[grunts]
[all grunting]
STA'ABI!
[yodeling]
- HA HA.
[clinks glass]
- RULE VIOLATION H-404:
NO LIQUID
IN THE RULE-B-B-B-BOT...
- YEAH!
- I'M CONTROLLING ME AGAIN.
HOLD ON, LET ME MAKE SURE
WITH A BICEP FLEX.
SHE-GOW!
IT'S ALL GOOD THERE.
NOW LET ME CHECK OUT
THE PECS.
[grunts]
OH, YEAH!
- THAT WAS AWESOME, STA'ABI.
- THANK YOU, MASTER.
- WELL, WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE CALL IT A DAY?
- YES, MASTER.
WE SHALL CALL IT A DAY.
SHA'AGOUT!
- UH, OKAY.
SHA'AGOUT TO YOU TOO.
- [groans]
- PER SE.